you
a tube how's it going at will or Jim
sauce on RS and today I have a little
vlog for you guys so if you guys don't
know right now I won't let you guys know
this right away over on twitchtv I hit
six thousand followers so I want to
thank everybody who's went over there
and followed recently thank you very
much for that and as a thank you I'm
going to be doing a giveaway in cash I
have around 75 mm down here to give away
as well as like 10 15 20 mil probably
more in items to give away so around 100
ml anywhere between like 80 and 100 mil
uh worth the stuff to you know give back
and give way to you guys so once this
video is up I will be streaming if I'm
not already streaming I will be
streaming extremely soon after this
video is uploaded so make sure you click
the link in the description to my twitch
TV just have it open if you want to get
ready for it because we will be doing
that and as for yesterday's video I
thought you guys about an old soul
series or an RS 3 series and both top
comments last time I checked it anyways
they're both for RS 3 and I realized
something that over on twitchtv when I'm
streaming there's not that many RS three
streamers and the artists three
streamers that do stream they're not
really notice um now I'm like I'm more
popular than them so when i get there up
into like to twitch rankings everything
you know you see a lot of old school
players but you don't really see too
many too many RS three players I think
that's a lot of the reason why people
wanted me to stick with ours three is
because there's so many old school like
content creators and streamers that you
know they don't get you know their daily
dose of Rs 3 no they don't get that are
three guy I think a lot of people wanted
me to maintain that title as you know
they do that does ours three you know do
that streams are is three so I totally
understand where you guys are coming
from which means i will be working a lot
on my mac scape as well as streaming
more you know bosses and maxing out
everything so you know i know a lot of
you guys really enjoy that i know a lot
of you guys you know that's what you
wanted me to do anyways you know you
guys want to be the sick with ours three
so I totally respect you guys on that
opinion I did do an old-school
dream last night because obviously I
didn't know the answer uh and I did have
a decent amount of fun i got an attack
level in a slayer level and i was
talking to some people over there so you
know that was a decent amount of fun but
i definitely i see myself doing more on
rs3 so I just thank you guys for giving
your opinion on that i just had to think
about it and I just realized that I kind
of you know if I had to choose when I
probably say you know I like ours three
more anyways so that's a it should be
what will be sticking with so max cape
Monday's will return I just need to
start getting games again and everything
I get it I'm working on crafting right
now I got to rebuy like some farming
supplies because farming is extremely
fun for me to do I don't know why but I
love farming so that will definitely
start up again we'll start getting the
levels so that should be good um quick
story I wanted to tell you guys so I was
walking up to the bank today I do
withdraw some money I was hanging out
with my friend today and I'm on the
phone with my other friend I was on the
phone with Tyler and all of a sudden I
hear like this car coming up like
roaring by and you know at first I made
fun of it was like oh here we go like
another why Sir something again and I
turn around and it's a jeep but not only
is it a Jeep okay you guys know how they
have like those custom made call of duty
jeeps well it was exactly like that but
it was the gears of war Jeep and like I
was totally not expecting that at all I
was expecting you know some of my
rinky-dink are something like that you
know something you know truck whatever
it might be and then to turn around and
it's a Gears of War truck or a jeep like
it wasn't it wasn't just like years of
war decals like it's not like he put
some stickers on it like it was a custom
made Gears of War Jeep and I thought
that was extremely sick especially to
see that around here you know you might
see that you know Callie or Los Angeles
something like that but you know to see
a Gears of War Jeep like I was just I
mean I don't really play gears for that
much but just to see that I mean I just
thought that was awesome so I just
really wanted to share that with you
because you know just imagine like you
just looking out it also let you see
like like a custom-made runescape car
like
you know call of duty car like you don't
see that at all and then you know being
able to see that which is crazy so um
yeah just won't share with you guys like
just a couple updates with a little
story so like I said I will be streaming
tonight 6k followers i want to thank you
guys again for that omegle event
tomorrow tomorrow mid day to night time
I should be going out with friends then
I'm gonna be staying over somebody's
house into Sunday and I'll be watching
football so sunday I'm gonna be busy
tomorrow maybe half the day I might be
busy or maybe just nighttime it's just
night time that I could do stuff
throughout the day and I was thinking
about using some of that time to try to
get in omegle event going on so we'll
definitely see how that works out and
you guys will be notified I'll let you
guys know about that so if you guys
enjoy my believe like down below and all
that guys take it easy push